# Present #

Eric, Ralph, Rob, Trishan, Elias, Andrew, Brittney, Yemi

# Agenda #

  * Discuss projects, answer outstanding questions

# Reminders #
  * Ralph mentioned that we should add java doc for all of the functions we add and add boilerplate copyright info for files we add.
  * Try to submit final patches by April 2nd so we have some time to test


# Weekly Updates #

  * Andrew: (I missed your updates)
  * Brittney: Finished implementing map clustering.
  * Elias: Extending SyncMedium class
  * Eric: Finished implementing almost all features from project proposal. Changed some UI on homescreen
  * Yemi: Got barcode reader working as a function plugin
  * Rob: submitted patch for [issue 340](https://code.google.com/p/posit-mobile/issues/detail?id=340)