# Present #

Eric, Ralph, Rob, Trishan, Elias,
Away:  Andrew, Brittney, Yemi

# Agenda #

  * Discuss projects, answer outstanding questions

# Reminders #
  * Ralph mentioned that we should add java doc for all of the functions we add and add boilerplate copyright info for files we add.
  * The semester is ending in about two weeks so it would be good if we could submit our final patches by April 2nd so we have a bit of time to test them.


# Weekly Updates #

  * Rob added javadoc for new methods and worked on getting description working for find plugins.
  * Eric submitted patch for [issue 345](https://code.google.com/p/posit-mobile/issues/detail?id=345)
  * Eric came across some issues with ice cream sandwich and is working on fixing them.
  * Elias got devices connecting and sending messages through Bluetooth



# For Next Week #
  * Rob is going to work on modifying the server for next week
  * Eric is going to coordinate with Andrew to change communicator.java
  * Elias is working on extending sync medium to integrate his work with Andrewâ€™s