# Attendees #
Edward
Eran
Jon
Ralph
Sarah

# Discussion Overview #
Ralph: All project proposals were reviewed. Everyone should post their proposals online in a structure similar to Jon or Anna from last term.

Sarah: Proposed to change the login system and login process. These changes will include:
- Renew terms used (register, login)
- Add some UI changes (i.e. popup for server url) (Talk to Eran about it)
- Add logout options (should photographs be taken out of photo gallery when user logs out of the system)
- Raised concerns about data of user location

Ralph: There is need to review the login process and to identify issues. There is a need to come up with a designed structure for the login page before starting the work.

Eran: Proposed two main changes. The first one is to allow users to have a list of server urls as part of their preferences. This will allow users to quickly switch between projects.

Ralph & Eran: Discussion regarding the changes that have to be made and their impact on the current project selection process. Should the user be able to keep preferences when uninstalling the app and switching Android phones? Should the user be able to type in servers on a profile page online (faster than on the phone)?

Ralph & Eran: Discussion about how initial project selection should be made. Should the system ask the user to select from a list of projects or should it exist just in the settings page on the app?

Eran: The second proposal is regarding the list of finds on the app. Proposed to allow users to sort (by date or name) and search the finds.

Ralph: A previous student working on POSIT, Greg, started to work on a search feature similar to the one proposed. We should look into the code and figure out if we can re-use parts of it.

Ralph & Eran: Discussion about adding changes just on client side. It seems as if changes have to be made just on client side but Ralph recalls that beforehand it was discussed to add changes to server too.

Jon: An additional idea that should be considered in this case, and was brought up before by Stas, is to associate a username for each find and being able to sort by this field too.

Jon: Suggested a two parts proposal:
1) Getting as many bug fixes in without adding new features. Then testing it in the first part of March. Also, documenting the clone in order to have it ready for publishing in teh market place. Getting it from source code we are happy with to APK and to market.
2) Security changes such as support of SSL.

Ralph: Project proposals are very good.

Edward: Interested in Jon's both aspects of the project. About Sarah's one, was wondering about guidelines? Pattern? and model?

Ralph: Saun's suggestion included design refactoring, such as which rules should the menus and buttons play. Consistency for the look of the app.

Ralph: Discussion about pulling changesets from Sarah and Stas' clones. Many files were changed and the merging should be done carefully.