Attendees:
Edward
Eran
Jon
Ralph
Stas
Sarah

Agenda:
  * Progress: Where everyone is with the project?
  * Upcoming release: How to get it out of the door?

Sarah & Saun: How to plan interaction between the projects. Shaun has a complete mockup for the design so Sarah will not work on UI. Instead she will work on bug fixes and re-factoring the logout. Sarah will submit an email proposal about her current ideas. Shaun should post his design mockups online for reviews.

Stas: Reading up Android documentation for content providers in order to
understand how to abstract the data (moving from pictures to any abstract data). The goal is to have an outline regarding how the data will be saved on the platform.

Jon: Spending most of the time on the bugfix release. Details can be found on the wiki, linked from the releases page. A lot of manual work is required in order to understand which commits have to be included in the release (clean branch). There is a transplant extension from Mercurial that makes it more easier to cherry picking commits. The go is to finish everything in the upcoming week. Winter 2011 branch will come next so meanwhile it's empty. 0.8 will be the version for new feature release. Ralph will make a priority to look at it during the upcoming the weekend.

Eran:
Sent for review the new sorting feature and is waiting for feedback. In regards of the search feature, looked at the code from Greg repository. Looks as if most of it can be reused. Started to research on how to build the new project preferences settings feature. Looked at various ways of handling the data (decided to be on client side). Ralph mentioned to look at setting classes based on preferences. Or creating table at the database of project preferences.

Status Update: We'll meet in two weeks again.