# Present #

Eric, Stanley, Ryan, Kalin, Gordon, Rachel, Ralph

# Agenda #

  * Rachel's POSIT updates (Settings, Mapping, Sync, etc.)
  * UCOSP team issues and patches
  * Project ideas

# For Blog #

  * Add Bio info
  * Weekly log information containing what you did
  * Project Proposal - Outline can be found on the FallPage soon.

# HFOSS: Trishan #

  * Need to provide accounts to hfoss blogs

# Details #

Android Sync TODO:Rachel is working on the actual syncing

Wiki TODO: Update [FunctionalComponents](FunctionalComponents.md)

Possible work to do [DevelopmentProjectsAndIdeas](DevelopmentProjectsAndIdeas.md)

Ralph: will email the OutsideIn specs to us or put it up somewhere. Same for the project proposal outline

Stan: will look into the unique id fields once it's specified

Rachel: is working on authentication with POSIT server

For Next Week: continue working on patches and post preliminary proposal

# Further Discussion #

  * Possible admin user?
  * How will SMS be integrated in POSIT?
    * Compression / splitting it into multiple messages